Add documentation on how to read request data (#6563)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/json_and_apis.md

If you explore the remaining controller, you will learn the `show` action is similar to the `index` one. For `create`, `update`, and `delete` actions, Phoenix uses one other important feature, called "Action fallback".

## Reading request data

> As we've seen in [Request life-cycle](request_lifecycle.html), all controller actions take two arguments, `conn` and `params`. Phoenix automatically parses path parameters, query parameters and the request body into the `params` argument.

Reviewer: Maybe we note that this is not Phoenix specific, but done by Plug (https://hexdocs.pm/plug/Plug.Parsers.html).

### Minimal example

Let's consider this minimal setup, with three API routes (`lib/hello_web/router.ex`):

```elixir
defmodule HelloWeb.Router do
  use HelloWeb, :router

  pipeline :api do
    plug :accepts, ["json"]
  end

  scope "/api", HelloWeb do
    pipe_through :api

    get "/", HelloController, :show
    get "/:name", HelloController, :show
    post "/", HelloController, :show
  end
```

A controller with a single action (`lib/hello_web/controllers/hello_controller.ex`):

```elixir
defmodule HelloWeb.HelloController do
  use HelloWeb, :controller

  def show(conn, params) do
    render(conn, :greet, params)
  end
end
```

and a JSON view (`lib/hello_web/controllers/hello_json.ex`):

```elixir
defmodule HelloWeb.HelloJSON do
  def greet(%{"name" => name}) do
    %{greeting: "Hello #{name}!"}
  end
end
```

This simple setup can process all of the following requests:

```console
$ curl http://localhost:4000/api/world

$ curl http://localhost:4000/api?name=world

$ curl -iX POST http://localhost:4000/api \
   -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   -d '{"name": "world"}'
```

In the exact same way: `Hello world!`

### Request data is merged

> Since all data is merged under a single map, providing more than one source of data (such as both a path parameter and a JSON body, or a query parameter and a form), will result in **fields with the same name overriding eachother.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since all data is merged under a single map, providing more than one source of data (such as both a path parameter and a JSON body, or a query parameter and a form), will result in **fields with the same name overriding each other.**
```
